Usage Guide:
Prerequisites:

    Ensure that you have gcc installed to compile the C program.
    Make sure you have appropriate permissions to execute Bash scripts on your system.

Installation:

    Download the files:
        Download the provided C code (system_monitor.c) and the Bash script (resource_monitor.sh) to your local system.

    Compile the C code:
        Open a terminal and navigate to the directory containing system_monitor.c.
        Compile the C code using the following command:

    gcc system_monitor.c -o system_monitor

Set executable permissions for the Bash script:

    Navigate to the directory containing resource_monitor.sh.
    Run the following command to make the Bash script executable:

    bash

        chmod +x resource_monitor.sh

Running the Program:

    Execute the compiled C program by running:

    bash

    ./system_monitor

    Follow the on-screen menu to select different options for system monitoring and resource management.

Options:

    Display Date and Time: View the current date and time.
    Display Host Name: View the system's host name.
    Display Release Information: View the system's release information.
    Display Kernel Version: View the system's kernel version.
    Display CPU/Core Count: View the number of CPUs or processor cores.
    Display Total System Memory: View the total system memory (RAM).
    Add System Snapshot to History: Add a snapshot of the current system information to the history.
    Display Historical System Snapshots: View historical system snapshots, including date and time, host name, release information, kernel version, CPU count, and total system memory.
    Execute System Resource Monitor (Bash Script): Run the system resource monitor Bash script (resource_monitor.sh).
    Exit: Exit the program.

Modifying Refresh Rate (Optional):

    Option 9 allows you to modify the refresh rate of the resource monitor.
    Follow the on-screen prompts to enter the new refresh rate in seconds.
    The refresh rate will be updated in the Bash script for the resource monitor.